hey there it's Alicia Malone with
fandango movie clips i am with colin
hanks and sean stewart director and
producer of all things must pass a
documentary about Tower Records thanks
guys for joining me thanks for having us
getting ready to potty but first let's
chat about the movie absolutely so how
did this all start where did your
fascination begin with towel record well
we're both from Sacramento California
where tower originated so you know we
sort of grew up going to tower and
buying tapes and CDs and things like
that and by the time that the stores
were closing I was having dinner with
the family friend who was from
Sacramento and we were talking about
vows that it wasn't the stores were
closing and she said almost in passing
yeah you know it's hard to believe that
all started in that little drug store
and I said wait what and talking about
and that's when I sort of learned about
the history of the company a little bit
and did some investigating and I went
there this is a documentary you know if
this guy Russ Solomon who created tower
started it you know selling used
forty-fives out of his father's
drugstore in the 40s and ends having to
close you know 189 stores around the
world that's quite a journey so I
thought there's a documentary in there
and I was just foolish enough to think
that I could do it he actually applied
to tower XE yeah he was not twice I was
I was that wasn't hired by either one on
two different locations turned me down
yeah oh wow yeah it seemed like such a
great place to work and it's such an
interesting documentary the way it all
is put together was there moments when
you thought maybe it wasn't gonna happen
ah there were a lot of moves like that I
mean we we had to turn to Kickstarter
for some some crowdfunding at one point
to keep the project alive when we very
quickly realized that people were not
gonna fund our documentary amidst the
bankruptcies that were happening all
over the world in 2008 yeah uh and it
was just kind of badly timed so when we
kick starter came about and people
hadn't really raised money for
documentaries the way they are now we
kind of took a leap at it as kind of a
saving grace for us not to shell the
project and have to walk
away from it so there was a moment there
there were a few moments Sarah we
thought this thing might not ever see
the light of day and then to have it
play here at South by Southwest it's
kind of the perfect mix isn't it film
music yeah it was all it was always the
goal you know I always wanted the movie
to premiere at the festival I love
Austin I've been here for the music
portion and and witnessed some of the
some of the film portion as well so it
was always where we want it to be for
sure thank you guys so much for joining
me on fandango movie clips should we get
some tequila shot yes good do it all
right let's go